CONNOR:
It's a terrible thing
when someone loses
theIr moral compass.
It starts with
a small infraction,
something insignificant.
Then it's followecl
by two more Infractions
because the first one has
long been expected as Justified.
Then, like a pyramid scheme
of moral laxity,
the lies become misdemeanors,
the misdemeanors
become felonies,
and the felonies
become a way of life.
And that brings us
to the defendant,
Governor Peter Florrick.
It also brings us
to his enablers,
his campaign manager, Eli Gold,
and-- I'm sorry to say--
his wife, Alicia Florrick.
Now, Mrs. Florrick will be
sitting behind her husband
every day in court.
In this way, the defense
wants you to think warmly
of Governor Florrick.
Huh, if his wife
stands beside him,
he can't be that bad.
Well, I want you
to resist that temptation,
and I will give you
a good reason.
Alicia Florrick is part
of a criminal conspiracy...
DIANE:
Objection, Your Honor,
Mrs. Florrick is not on trial.
CONNOR:
I didn't say she was on trial,
I said you were cynically
using her presence...
DIANE:
Excuse me, you Just accused
her of criminal conspiracy.
If anyone is being cynical...
Excuse me, Your Honor,
this is my opening argument
and the defense attorney
will have her chance...
What is cynical, sir,
is to point to a wife
who has stood by
her husband for years.
And if she were not here,
you would point to
thatas suspicious.Your Honor...
No, I'm gonna let you two
burn yourselves out, okay?
Is there anything else?
Are you done, Ms. Lockhart?
I am, Your Honor. As you know,
I came late to this case.
As you pointedly
keep reminding us
over and over and over.
Do you see this?
Yes.
And do you see
the hash mark
that you have there?
Yes.
Okay, every time
one of you provokes
a round of crosstalk,
you get a mark,
and whoever has
the most at the end of the day
will be held
in contempt and fined $10,000.
Now, isn't that fun?
Well, it is... unusual.
Okay.
Good. Let's continue.
[whispering]:
He hates me.
He has for years.
I know.
This is not gonna be
a cakewalk.
GARBER: I got a call
around 2:00 am.
that my son had been
involved in a shooting.
I thought at first
he was the one who'd been shot,
but they said
he was the shooter.
And who was he accused
ofshooï¬ng?
His girlfriend,
Patty Tanniston.
And what did you do
when you heard about this?
I went to see Peter Florrick.
He was state's attorney
at the time
and my friend.
You are a campaign donor of
Mr. Florrick's, is that right?
GARBER: Yes.CONNOR: Hmm. What did
you ask him?
GARBER:
I told him I didn't want
my son going to jail.
I couldn't imagine
he'd done it, but
the evidence was against him.And what did
Mr. Florrick say?He said, "Lloyd..."
[phone buzzes]"...you know how much
I count on your support.
You have nothing
to worry about."
CONNOR:
And you took this to mean?Exactly what
it sounded like-- he was going
to make the charges go away.
CONNOR:
And what happened after that?
GARBER: Well, two days
into Richie's trial,
some evidence
went missmg.
Bullets that were
in the state crime lab.
The judge declared a mistrial.
What did she say?
Nothing.
She said nothing?
What did you ask?
How's the trial?
Did you piss her off?
What? Is that so unlike you?
She's in Mrs. Florrick mode
for the trial.
That's all.
So you think
he did it?
I don't know.
I think Alicia thinks
he didn't,
but if he goes to prison,
that wouldn't be bad for you.
Lucca.
VVhat?
Can we give it a rest?
Okay.
I'll shut up, but
I speak the truth.
Do you want...?
Do you want...?[thudding continues]
Do you want us to leave?
Not if you don't mind the dust.
[banging]
More expansions?
It looks like it.
I never said that.
Didn't happen.
[phone buzzes]
GOLD:
Connor knows you won't
put Peter on the stand,
so there's no way to rebut.
DIANE: Okay, well, let's see
what I can do, and, uh,
Peter and Alicia,
hold hands, be warm
towards each other.
You're being watched.
The jury wants
to see you close.Doing our best.
CUESTA:
All right, recess is over.
Counselors, do you have
any questions?
Uh, yes, Your Honor.
Mr. Garber, you said you told
Governor Florrick, you couldn't
imagine your son had done it,
but the evidence
was against him.
Is that right?
Yes.
So, this conversation must have
been about the evidence?
I'm sorry?Well, you said the
evidence was against him,
your son, so you must have been
discussing the evidence?
Oh. Right.
Good.
And the governor, your friend,
was familiar with the evidence.
He had just
reviewed it?
Yes.
So then, when
Governor Florrick said,
"You have nothing
to worry about,"
doesn't it make
more sense that
he meant
"I have reviewed the evidence,
and you have nothing
to worry about?"
But that's not what he said.Oh, it's not? Well,
let me read again
exactly what you said.
"I couldn't imagine
he'd done it,
but the evidence
was against him."
And Governor Florrick,
yourfnend,
the friend
you are now betraying...
Objection.Withdrawn. The governor
responded after
reviewing the evidence, "You
have nothing to worry about."
Sir, why can't the governor's
comment, "You have nothing
to worry about"
be interpreted as
the calming commiseration
of a good friend?
Oh, I see you're
looking at Mr. Fox.
Should I ask him?Objection.
CUESTA:
Yeah, sure. Sustained,
but it did look like
he was checking with you
for the answer.
Should I ask again,
Mr. Garber?
No.
It wasn't the commiseration of a
friend, and you know it, Peter.
Excuse me, don't talk
to my client, sir,
especially since you know
he can't talk back.
And enjoy your deal
with the AUSA.
Objection! Your Honor.Yeah, I'm way ahead of you.
Two to one.Wait. No. How did I get one?
Correction. Two to two.
Eight years.
No.
Okay. Then what else do we have
to discuss?
Nothing.
I'll see you in court.Your husband did it,
Mrs. Florrick.
Then prove it.
Seriously.
I've defended enough people
to know how shallow
those words are.
I don't care what you believe.
I care what you can prove,
so prove it.
I have a surprise witness,
Mrs. Florrick.
[phone ringing]
Hey. What's up?ALICIA:
Oh, not much.
I'm being made
into the evil woman here.
Is that Alicia?I need your help.
The AUSA is holding
at eight years.
He says
he has a surprise witness.
Can you find anything out?
Sure. You think it's Cary?Maybe.
I'll talk to Canning.
But anything you can find out
would be helpful.
I'll do my best.
How are youdoing?
Me? I don't know.
I'm exhausted.
[banging]
Where are you? Are you...
are you at a construction site?
The conference room.
The wall is mostly down.
The wall? What wall?
The conference room wall.
DIANE:
Not at Lockhart/Florrick.
It is a pure meritocracy--
where the women decide.[phone beeping]
So come, talk to us, visit
us, let us impress you.
Excuse me. It's my partner.
Hey. Is everything all right?
I don't know.
Are we expanding?
Um, well, yes.
I'm meeting right now
with Shannon Janderman.
I think she's gonna jump ship.
Well, don't you think
it would have been a good idea
to let me know?
Well, what do you mean?
We did discuss this.
I have meetings all week.
I can't cancel them
because of the trial.
No, no, no, the construction.
What construction?
[elevator bell dings]
Oh, my God!
Oh!
How could the...?
Where is David?
How could he let this happen?
Pestilential nuisances
who write for autographs
All people who have flabby
hands and irritating laughs...
They had the wrong floor.
Law firm on the 18th
is expanding.
Oh, my God.
What do we do?
I called the insurance.
We're covered.
I have Shannon Janderman
coming over tomorrow
to impress her.
Well, we'll use
the conference room
on the 27th floor.
LUCCA: Uh, the paralegals
are in there.
Okay, we'll think
of something.
Diane, we have
to get back to court.
There's another possibility.
What's that?
We expand to the 29th floor.
What?
We want to expand
and hire more lawyers.
The 29th floor is empty.
That equity firm
went bankrupt.
Yes.
But we should expand because
we decide to expand, not because
someone accidentally
destroyed our conference room.
Why not?
[elevator bell dings]
Matan Brody, Assistant State's
Attorney in Cook County.
You were the lead prosecutor
in the Richard Locke case?
With Cary Agos,
that's correct.
CONNOR: Would you say Peter
Florrick micromanaged this case?
I would.
And in what way
did he do that?
Well, for one,
he came to the crime scene.
CONNOR: He did?
On the night of the murder?
Yes.
CONNOR:
Is that unusual?
MATAN: I've worked
with four SA's in 11 years.
First time
I'd ever seen it.
Huh.
So as the crime scene was being
processed, Peter was there?
Yes. He asked a lot
of questions, he worried
about their methods, their
experience, he had us review
911 calls earlier in the week.
And did this behavior continue?
Yes, through prep,
right up until trial.
Even the charging decision.
We could've gone
for first degree murder,
but he barely let us go
for second.
CONNOR:
Thank you, Mr. Brody.
DIANE:
The murder of
Ms. Tanniston happened
just two weeks
after Governor Elorrick
assumed office.
Is that correct?Yes, I believe so.
And this was Governor Florrick's
second stint
as state's attorney
after the corruption charges
against him
had been thrown out?Yes.
So, showing up
at a crime scene,
making sure evidence
is collected properly--
couldn't that be the action of
a re-elected state's attorney
wanting to ensure
the-the highest standards?
It could be, but it wasn't here.
I see.
How many gun felony charges
were thrown out
under the previous
state's attorney, Glenn Childs?
I don't know.
625.
That's over 12%.
Do you know how many were
thrown out under Peter Florrick?
Mr. Florrick was in office
for fewer yea rs.
Well, I'm glad you're making
your bias evident.
29 cases were
thrown out, Sir.
That's fewer
than two percent.
So it seems
that Peter Florrick's
micromanagement was needed.
It wasn't needed.
CONNOR:
Objection. Argumentative.
Our department had double
the prosecutions
before Peter Florrick.Of course you had double
because you didn't care
about the rule of law.Your Honor, I'm objecting here.
This is not a debate.MATAN: Oh, that is such
defense attorney crap.
[phone buzzing]
[arguing over each other]
[door opens]
[door closes]Alicia.
You're looking good.
Thank you, so are you.
You staying out of trouble?
Trying.
You seem to be drawing
a lot of interest.
It happens when
your husband's on trial.
So, is Cary
testifying against Peter?
Let me ask you a question,
is Peter
scapegoating Cary?
No.
Then no.
So we're linked?
Well, you don't go after Cary,
I have no reason
to go after Peter.
Good.
Then that's that.
Not really.
You have a problem.
Peter is guilty.
I have to get back to court,
Mr. Canning.
Thank you.
The AUSA has proof.
They have a witness
who's not on the list.
How do you know that?
Because she approached us.
She wanted to know
what Cary was gonna say.She? Who's she?
Geneva Pine.
If she testifies,
Peter goes to prison.
What can she say?
Everything.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
[Gilbert & Sullivan's "As Some
Day It May Happen" playing]
As some day it may happen
That a victim must be found
I've got a little list
I've got
a little list
Of society offenders
Who might well
be underground
And who never
would be missed
Who never would be missed
And all third persons who on
spoiling tte--ttes insist
They'd none of 'em be missed
They'd none of 'em
be missed
He's got 'em on the list, he's
got 'em on the list
And they'll none
of 'em be missed
They'll none of 'em be
missed.
What the hell?
David, where have you been?
When people come
off the elevator,
I want them to think of wings.
Flight. Eagles.
Soaring eagles.
What the freaking hell?
Workmen accidentally destroyed
the conference room.
Now we're thinking
of leasing the 29th floor
and building
a staircase to it.
IRV_:
Not a staircase.
A stair presentation.Who's he?
IRV: Irv Bircher.
I designed your offices,
now I want to bring them
into the let century.This isthe let century.
No,youTe
deluding yourself.
Pale wood, glass.
This is an Apple store,
circa 2009.
That isthe let century.
Jason.
Hey.
I need to ask a favor.
Well, actually not a favor.
I can pay.
I'm sorry.
No, I-I just mean... [sighs]
I don't know
how this should work.
It's for Peter.
[sighs]
Yes.
[inhales]
Just ask me a favor.
Geneva Pine.
Canning says
she's testifying,
but she wasn't the
prosecutor on the case,
and we need to know
what she knows.
And what to use against her.
Yeah.[elevator bell dings]
I'm on it.[elevator doors open]
I'm sorry.
I have to finish
this with Peter.
Alicia, you don't
have to apologize.
I can't get my head
around what you said.
Which part?
The not wanting to get stuck.
But wanting to be together.
I don't know
how to reconcile those two.
I know.
I need time.
I'm not someone
who likes being untethered.
[elevator bell dings,
doors open]
Come back up with me.
I should get to work.
Later?
Yeah.
EMILY: So who do you want
to know about?
I know all the dirt
in the SA's office.
JASON:
Geneva Pine.
What do you want to know?
I need anything
out of the ordinary,
anything that I can use.
You want some turkey sandwich?
No thanks, I ate.
So, here's the thing,
the state's attorney's office
is like a big ole family,
with a mama, and a papa,
and a whole lot of children.
Who's the papa?Peter Florrick.
At the time.
And the mama?
Geneva Pine.
That's why she had access
to all the cases.
She was sleeping with him.
She was sleeping
with Peter Florrick?Yup.
Long time affair.
From what I hear,
she was sleeping with him
up to a month ago.
That's why she's testifying.
He broke it off with her.
Can you use that?
[sighs]
Geneva Pine.
I work in the _
state's attorney's office.
CONNOR: And you worked
under Peter Florrick?
GENEVA:
Yes.
And did you interrogate
Mr. Locke
on the night of the shooting?
I did.
Can you tell me
about this interview?Mr. Locke was upset.
He kept saying
he loved his girlfriend,
that he wished things had
happened differently.
CONNOR:
Differently?
Um, what-what did
he mean by that?
It felt like
he was about to confess.
Did he have
an attorney with him?
GENEVA: No, he hadn't
asked for one yet.
But he did later?
Yes.
After Peter showed up
and interrupted Mr. Locke
and asked ifI had
Mirandized him.
Had you?
No,
because I wasn't
questioning Mr. Locke.
CONNOR:
Is that standard practice?
If we arrest someone,
it's a custodial interrogation,
and we read them
their rights.
If we show up,
and they want to tell us
about the crime they committed,
we don't stop them.
But Peter Florrick made you.He did,
and then Richard Locke
clammed up.
Lawyered up.
Tell me, um, what are these?
The four bullets recovered
from the crime scene.
These two were taken from
the wall behind Patty Tanniston.
These two were recovered
from her body.
I see, these were
the ones that killed her.
Yes.
And you helped supervise
the ballistic testing
for these bullets.
Was there a conclusion
to this testing?
Yes, they were fired
from a Glock 26 owned
by Mr. Locke, the defendant.
That seems like
pretty damning eVIdence.
Why weren't they used at trial?They were used.
But before the defense had
the chance to test the bullets,
they were lost.
Which caused the mistrial.
Yes.
[scoffs]
I thought we should conduct
a top-to-bottom search
for the bullets.
And what did
Mr. Florrick say?
He said he would take
it under advisement.
And did he?
No.
Nothing more at the moment,
Your Honor.
Counselor, I imagine you want
your usual moment to consult.
DIANE: Yes, just one
second, Your Honor.
CUESTA: Sure, I'm made
of nothing but time.
[gallery murmuring]
[phone buzzing]
Now, I'm only doing this
because our fates are tied.
Doing what?
Helping.
As long as you keep Cary out
of it and don't point fingers,
I got your back.
Really?
That I'd like to see.
Geneva Pine is lying.
Is that what those say?
No, these just give the motive.
What's that?
She was a spurned lover.
These are affidavits
from coworkers saying
that Peter Florrick broke off
an affair with her.
Got it. Good. Thanks.
You heard what I just said?
Yes.
Were you wanting me to cry,
Mr. Canning?
[fake crying]:
Oh, my God.
[sobbing dramatically]
I thought my husband
no longer cheated.
Wow.
God, I love you.
I know.
DIANE:
She was a good witness.
The jury believed her.
ELI: I know, so how can
we undercut her?
DIANE: I can argue that
Peter was being diligent,
but that doesn't undercut
the crime lab failure.
ELI: Could you go after
her reputation?
DIANE: I don't think
she has an issue
with the
Disciplinary Commission.
Go to motive.
What do you mean?
No one else heard Peter reject
the search of the crime lab.
Only Geneva.
You think she's lying?
I think you can make a case
she's lying.
How?
She was sleeping with Peter.
These are affidavits
from coworkers
saying Peter
broke up with her.
And she's trying
to get back at him.
Goes to motive.
Uh...
How did you get these?
Canning.
PETER:
Well, that was, uh,
Chief Justice Bennett.
He's going to look
into her background
and see if we can
use anything.
What?
[clears throat]
What are those?
ALICIA: They are affidavits
from Geneva's coworkers
saying that she's lying
because you broke up with her
after having a long affair.
[chuckles] What?
They are affidavits
from coworkers.
You have people saying
that Geneva and I had an affair?
Yes, and that she's lying
because she wants to hurt you.
That's not true.
DIANE: Why don't
we step out?
No.
It's not true,
we can't use them.
We'll just give you a minute.
Just use it, Peter.
No.
I don't know
what's in those affidavits,
but there was nothing
between Geneva and me.
If you're worried
about embarrassing me...
I'm not worried
about anything, Alicia.
When people think
bad things of you,
they keep thinking bad things.
What you have here
is office gossip.
Who got it for you?
Your investigator?
No.
Well, I'm not gonna use it.
[gunshots]
[gun clicks]
Be careful, this one's got a...
It's got a little bit
of a kick to it.
God, I look good with a gun.
[chuckles]
What do you need?
Uh, something
that's difficult for you.
I need you on the stand.
Florrick trial?
Yeah, I read
your ballistics report.
It's deliberately impenetrable.
I needed another test, but they
lost the bullets before I could.
Yes,
but to withhold
an opinion,
you have to have
an opinion.
Opinions are nothing
without science behind it.
No, you're an expert witness.
If your opinion rises
out of your expertise,
that's something.
You don't usually
play this game.
I know.
My client's being railroaded.
He's not being
"railroaded."
He's a Democratic governor
being judged by
a Democratic jury.
_ That's as far from
"railroaded" as you can get.
I'm not asking you to lie.
I'm just...
asking you to give
your preliminary opinion.
In a manner that is
helpful to my defense.
Please, Kurt.
Help me?
LUCCA:
You were
the ballistics expert hired
by the SA's office
to assess these bullets?
Now, I should get something
out of the way,
right up front.
I'm questioning because you
are related to a lavwer
on our defense team.
Yes, I'm married
to Diane Lockhart.
Congratulations.
Thank you, Your Honor.
LUCCA: But this marriage
happened after
the ballistics testing
you did for the SA's office?
Yes.
Did you give
Governor Florrick
a preliminary report
on these bullets
before they disappeared?Objection!
Your Honor, this trial
has nothing to do
with Locke's guilt.
This is about Peter Florrick.
Yes, and we
are offering
Mr. McVeigh's testimony
to show Governor Florrick's
state of mind.
_His state of mind
is irrelevant here.
It-it's his action...
Governor Florrick had no reason
to lose these bullets
if he thought
they proved Locke's innocence.
In fact, it would be
against his interest...
Your Honor, this is circular...
[shushes]
I'll allow.
He likes her.
LUCCA:
Mr. McVeigh?
As a respected
ballistics expert,
who has worked for
the SA's office for ten years--
what was your determination
about these bullets?
Well, I should say that
my findings were preliminary.
But from what I saw,
these bullets did not come
from Mr. Locke's gun.
[laughs]
Pardon our dust.
Pardon our noise.
Yeah, the world has changed.
People don't look
for the same thing
in a law firm.
They look
for a personality.
Which is what we
want to supply--
an all-service firm
with a female perspective.[door opens]
Diane, sorry to interrupt.
Uh, the Coleman divorce,
the bitch is on the line.
She wants to talk
to both of us.
David, what is your problem?
My problem?
Yes, there is
no Coleman divorce.
My problem is I'm
an equity partner.
You're spending my money.
No, I'm spending ourmoney.
There was a vote.
A vote in a dictatorship
is not a vote.
It was a fair vote.
With women outnumbering men.
Oh, my God, I'm so sorry, David.
The women outnumber the men.
That must be so hard for you.
It's not only hard,
it's discriminatory.
Oh, come on,
you know what we were doing.
You've been on
a hiring binge,
and how many men
have you interviewed?
How many male lavwers
have you met with?
I have met with men.Watch it, Diane.
There's a discriminatory suit
in your future.
[door opens]
[Jason clears throat]
This is an affidavit
from a coworker
of Geneva Pine.
He says that Geneva often
bullied her way
into other cases.
That's it? Nothing else?
Nope.
Just time and dates
and she had some issues
with back taxes.
Nothing about her
sleeping with Peter?
Nothing I could
confirm independently.
Did you try
to confirm it independently?
I'm just...
I'm in a awkward position here.
I know.
And I think I'm done.
What does that mean?
I can't be doing this
for your husband anymore.
Oh.
Investigating.
We'll talk after the trial.
Okay.
CONNOR: You're a student
of Mr. McVeigh's?
Yes, for four years.
And you were asked to review
Mr. McVeigh's work in his case?
HOLLY:
Yes.
[whispers]:
Diane?
Who is she?
Kurt's favorite.
Whatever that means.
CONNOR:
And what did you find?
Well, it was quite
preliminary.
Mr. McVeigh has
only conducted
one chemical analysis
on the bullets.
And as Kurt said,
before he could make
a more thorough examination,
the bullets went missing.
Did you find any deficiency
in his analysis?
Objection--
calls for speculation.
Your Honor,
as the defense pointed out,
this is_ not about whether
Locke is innocent or gUIlty.
This is about
Peter's state of mind.
And therefore,
Mr. McVeigh's work
and how it was presented
to Peter has a great bearing
on this trial.
But Mr. McVeigh had actual
access to the bullets.
Ms. Westfall does not...
Oh, come on, you do not get
to benefit from your client's
destruction of evidence!Objection--
that mischaracterizes
the testimony here.
Okay.
You both get a hash mark.
Overruled, Ms. Lockhart.
You can't have it
both ways!
Thank you, Your Honor.
[clears throat]
Uh, do you need me
to repeat the question?
No, I'm good.
I don't find any deficiencies
in Mr. McVeigh's
analysis of the bullets.
I do find that he, um--
how shall I say this--
oversold
his results in court.
Uh, it is very easy
to get a false negative
in gas chromatography,
and I think
he may have
downplayed that here.
Are you suggesting
that Mr. McVeigh
is lying here, Ms. Westfall?
No, Kurt is one of
the most honest people I know.
I...
I do think he had reason
to spin his results.
I think that's fair,
given the make-up
of the defense team.
Nothing further,
Your Honor.
[Lucca clears throat]
Ms. Westfall, even if
what you say is true--
Mr. McVeigh oversold
his conclusions here--
there's no reason to believe
that he didn't equally
oversell them_
to Governor Florrick?
HOLLY:
Well, I can't speak to that.
All I can say is that Kurt
always tells the truth.
But this isn't
about Mr. McVeigh.
This is about Governor
Florrick's state of mind.
And if Governor Florrick heard
the same thing from Mr. McVeigh
that we heard here,
he would have no reason
to destroy those bullets.
HOLLY:
I guess that's true.
LUCCA:
One last question.
When you've worked
for the SA's office,
did the state's attorney
ever handle evidence?
Evidence like these bullets?
HOLLY: No, never,
it was always the prosecutor.
So Matan?No, the co-prosecutor
handled the evidence,
uh...
Cary Agos.
ALICIA:
We didn't do that.
We did not point
the finger at Cary.
And who did?
It was your lawyer.
Tell Cary we're
on the same side.
Well, we were...
until about ten minutes ago.
CONNOR: Mr. Agos, did
you ever discuss
with Governor Florrick
the ballistics results
in the Locke case?
CARY:
Yes, I did.
And what was the nature
of that discussion?
That the bullets
connected Locke
to the crime
and the murder weapon.
Mr. McVeigh
suggested here that
he was cautious
in his analy5is
about the bullets.Yes, he was.
But that's his way.
We knew the bullets
damned Peter.
You-you mean Locke?
Yes, my apologies-- Locke.
LUCCA:
Mr. Agos?
Do you hate the Florricks?No.
But don't you have reason
to be angry with the Florricks?
Yes.
You do.
So then why should this court
take your testimony seriously?
Because I'm telling the truth.
As you see it?
Yes, of course.
That's all I have
to offer here.
The truth as I see it.
ALICIA:
You didn't have
to do that, Cary.
I never meant you any harm.
You know, it's
amazing, Alicia.
After all these years
working together,
you still think I would come
in here into a court of law
and perjure myself to hurt you.
I was here to tell the truth.
What are you here to do?
I need to take the stand.
They want to hear from me.
They need
to hear from me.
Because I seem like a coward.
LUCCA:
You don't.
You seem smart.
The prosecution
could rip you apart
PETER: I think the
jury's against me.
What do you think?I think you're right.
I need to testify.
Diane?
I don't know.
We should prep.
See how you do.
[clears throat]
You look grumpy.
Nope.
This is my happy face.
[chuckles]
Peter's in trouble.
I think he might go to prison.
You don't sound
that upset about it.
He's your client.
Hey, I'm trying my best.
_ But the facts _
just aren't cooperating.
How's Alicia?
A rock.
But if he goes to prison,
she'll need a lot of comforting.
[chuckles]
Here's what you don't
understand about Alicia.
He goes to prison?
She'll never divorce him.
Even
I disagree.
Because you think
things are logical.
[scoffs]
She will visit him
every week in prison.
She will slowly
drift away from me.
And she will be
the stoic spouse.
And if he doesn't go to prison?
She'll divorce him.
And which do you want?
Because here's something
you don't seem to understand
about yourself.
You may play the game
of being this hard-bitten--
or is it hard-boiled?
One of the hards.
When you, in fact,
have fallen in love.
Tell me it's not true.
And I'll leave you
here drinking.
All by your lonesome.
It's not true.
I don't believe you.
And take my advice.
Stop playing it cool.
You want her?
Go to her and say,
"I want you.
"And I'll protect you.
"You don't owe
your husband anything.
"Be happy.
"Come to me.
Make me happy."
Kurt...
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I will make you happy
every day of your life,
but please forgive me.
Please.
[Diane inhales]
[sobbing quietly]
ALICIA:
Lloyd Garber
donated $5,000
to your PAC in 2009,
is that correct?
That's correct.But in 2013,
a year after
Richard Locke's mistrial,
Lloyd Garber's
donations quadrupled.
Can you explain?
I cannot.
Lloyd Garber and I
never discussed money.There was no tit for tat?
"You get my son off for murder
and I'll_ increase
my finanCIal support"?
I-I believe I already answered
that question.
No. Too belligerent.
Huh?
You're the governor.
Be dignified.
He's going to ask it,
and he's going to ask it
more than once.
[clears throat]
There was no tit for tat.
There were never any
strings or conditions
attached to Lloyd Garber's,
or anyone else's,
contributions.
As a man who was convicted
of using state funds
to pay for prostitutes,
why should we take
your word for anything?
My attorney would object
to that.
And Judge Cuesta overrules.
[sighs]
My conviction was overturned
and I was fully exonerated.
So are you saying that
you never paid for prostitutes?
Never cheated on your wife?
Haven't broken every promise
you've ever made?
It goes to character.
To your trustworthiness.
I believe I've been up front
about this.
I did pay for prostitutes,
I did cheat on my wife,
and I have
worked every day
to make up for those
indiscretions.
So would you agree...I'm not finished.
And that is one
of the reasons why,
when I was voted
back into office,
I spent every day
trying to make sure
_ there was not _
a Single bad conVIction.
Because I saw what bad
convictions did to families,
did to me,
did to my wife.
And I swore that
I would never
let that ever
happen again.
Is that true?
Yes, Counselor, that is true.
_ It's also true that
I micromanaged this case.
Guilty.
But that's what
you should want
from a state's attorney.
Someone who won't accept excuses
for a failure to Mirandize
or allow for bad
eVIdence collection.
Someone who
loses bullets?
That was just a mistake.You say that
you have worked
hard every day to make up for
the indiscretions of the past...
but we have evidence
that you were having
a longtime affair
with not only
a fellow prosecutor...We would object here.
Yes, and Judge Cuesta doesn't
like you. He would allow.
At what point are we playing
husband and wife here,
and at what
p0int lawyers?
All points.
Because here's
the thing:
you get up
on that stand,
and every past indiscretion
will be determined admissible.
Your sleeping with Geneva Pine.I didn't sleep
with Geneva...Your sleeping with
Marilyn Garbanza.
I didn't sleep with...Your sleeping
with Ramona Lytton.
And you sleeping
with Will Gardner
and you sleeping with
your investigator!
I'm not on trial, buddy.
CONNOR:
Are you saying you didn't
sleep with Geneva Pine?
That's exactly what I'm saying.
And these prostitutes, you never
slept with any of them, either?
I believe I've already
admitted to that.
Oh, well, good, good,
at least you
admitted to that.
That makes it okay, then.Objection.
PETER:
What I don't understand
is what this has to do
with my performance
as the state's attorney.
Because your performance
is directly connected
to your actions
before and after.
You said yourself you
learned from your mistakes,
that's why you were
such a diligent S.A.
Objection, Your Honor.
Where is the question?
CONNOR:
Here it is.
You have lied so much,
Mr. Florrick,
why should any of us
ever believe you again?
Because I went to prison.
Because I was wrongly convicted.
I didn't ask
for a speech...
You asked a question.
I'm answering it.
Am I a flawed
individual?
Yes.
Have I done things in my
personal life thatI regret?
Yes, deeply.
But I never wanted anyone
to go through what
I went through
and that is why I was
a hard-ass state's attorney.
That's why I threw out
bad confessions.
That's why I
micromanaged.
But that's when
I was at my best.
That's when I was
most honorable.
CUESTA:
The 12 of you should give fair
and equal consideration
to all the evidence
and deliberate with the goal
of reaching an agreement.
Your sole interest
is to determine
whether the government
has proved its case
beyond a reasonable doubt.
Good luck.
Now, the stairs will start here
and expand out
as they get higher,
connecting to the north side
of the 29th floor...
And it will be all woman,
from the north
to the south.
David, just go
back to your office.
I will, as soon as you sign
this EEOC complaint.
Oh, come on, David.
What? I have just as much
right to complain
as any minority.
MAN:
Ms. Lockhart?DIANE: Yes.
I'm Greg Cady from the
Department of Buildings.
I'm here for a Certificate
of Occupancy inspection.
And we've run into
an issue of compliance.
Meaning?
Meaning somebody
on your demolition crew
took out the load-bearing wall
for the 29th floor.
DIANE:
They did?CADY: Yes.
Does that mean our new floor
could come
crashing down on our heads?Yes.
You're kidding.No, unfortunately.
You'll have to evacuate
to the 27th floor.
Uh... when?
Now.
[elevator bell dings]
[sighs]
[phones ringing,
indistinct chatter]
CONNOR:
Two years.
I came down from eight.
I'm not going lower.
I'd rather see
what the jury does.
And you know the jury
will probably do a lot more.
I'll ask him.
If I were you, I'd do
a lot more than ask.
Take it to him.
And sell it.
Before the jury comes back.
We're not giving up.
We're working
different angles.
Mike T_as_cioni found
a criminal case
against an SA.
in DuPage County
in '98 that was
thrown out.
He thinks we can mine it
for a precedent.
Eli, can you give us a minute?
Yes, of course.
I'm so sorry.
[footfalls receding]
[glasses clink]
[cork pops]
Can I make a confession to you?
Sure.
I never liked wine.
I only drank it
'cause you liked it.
I was always
a Scotch guy.
I guess I inherited that
from my father.
[laughs]
Well, I can fix you a Scotch.
No.
It's grown on me.
Two years.
Oh, God...
I was in there for
only eight months
and almost died.
Wait for the verdict, Peter.
I do that,
I may actually die in prison.
Ten years.
What did you think of the jury?
I think they were judging us.
But I think your speech
at the end went over well.
I was always good with a speech.
There's no good answer,
is there?
I don't know
what to say.
I'm not good at gambling.
Don't decide yet, Peter.
The jury's retired.
Just... sleep on it.
I'm gonna take the deal.
It's the smart
thing to do.
Two years.
I'll get out,
write a book,
start over.
Are you gonna
come visit me?
I will.
The hardest thing
is being forgotten.
I won't forget.
Okay.
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
What?
The jury's back.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS